okay lots of you guys it's me Lisa
Schwartz and welcome to another episode
of Amy as most of you know I am home
sick with the flu but that will not stop
me from looking stupid on the internet
delay so today I decided to take these
stupid tests
now normally I would be terrified to
take this because I wouldn't want you
guys to really see just how stupid I am
but lucky for me I'm hopped up on a lot
of medication
so if I look really stupid I'm just
gonna blame it on that and I gotta say
that's pretty not stupid of me
so without further ado let's get along
to this stupid test shall we stupids
okay here we go
okay find a way out all right memorize
the sequence ones me okay I'm nervous
hi could you might move at this point
okay
find the butt find the button I say day
no challenge accepted okay
find the button the button find the
button what button I don't even know
what happened like I don't even know if
I played the game or if that whole time
I was trying to restart the game let's
try again
when is 2012 2012 is 2012 if he equals
XI that XI equals he how many apples can
you fit in an empty box until you can
fill a lot of it No
up to half way I feel this is a trick I
don't know why it's just one two plus
two is definitely for how many licks
does it take to get to the center of a
Tootsie Pop oh fuck isn't it one two
crunch
coca-cola was originally disgusting for
you brown green black blue Oh God all
these are terrible answers I'm gonna go
flash no brown a dime has many ridges
around the edge has how many oh this is
a lucky guess
this isn't me you're stupid I'm going
with 180 I am brilliant apparently if a
squirrel died from a button
who would you blame the button a spork a
pancake 69 11 11 a page a sport I should
have known memorize the sequence okay
red is six blue it's seven no that's not
fair red blue oh fuck
red blue red fuck red blue blue blue I
don't get and I think that because I am
on so many drugs I am a unlikely to ever
look less blonde than I actually appear
are you guys confused by that take that
how does that feel to feel stupid not
good why do we put ourselves through
this hell I'm gonna try one more to win
is 2012 now 2012 to 2012 how many apples
can you fit into an empty box one if you
needed to travel 10 miles in 30 minutes
Oh No how fast would you go I'm 10 miles
in 30 minutes 10 miles an hour
he'd be 10 so oh fuck oh no I'm gonna
look stupid
Oh No oh I did all right I thank God
okay if he will she what she will see
if you try to fail and succeed which
have you done if you try to fail and
succeed you fail if you try to fail and
succeed which have you done
when coca-cola was originally brown how
many looks just taken ticket dime has a
great oh I hate this one red blue red
blue blue oh my god find the button I
say nay no challenge accepted okay
challenge accepted what am I looking for
I thought I was looking for the button
find the what do they say for me to find
the egg I was amazed attention I'm on so
many drugs y'all I'm impressed that I'm
even standing up straight how do I get
an S
you know what fu and s the idea of being
stupid just because I can't find the egg
or the cinnamon roll does not mean I'm
stupid it just means that my priorities
are elsewhere and my elsewhere I mean on
the couch because all I want to do is to
crawl on that couch and watch TV and cry
myself to sleep so in the comments below
let me know why you did on this test did
you get past math and also what you want
me to play next week hopefully I will be
alive and well and ready to conquer the
world and my stupidity so thanks for
doing drugs with me y'all don't do drugs
unless your doctor gives him to you oh
you're cute and I'll see you next time
goodbye
I was just attempting to make a comedy
video about being sick for y'all and
then I realized that I I'm gonna vomit